=pod

=head1 koha-plugin-btj

Plugin to receive aquisitions data from the Swedish BTJ

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=head2 Perl modules

  sudo cpan MARC::Record MARC::File::XML Catmandu::Importer::SRU Catmandu::Exporter::MARC

=head1 INSTALLATION

=head2 From published package

Visit https://github.com/Libriotech/koha-plugin-btj/releases and download the
most recent .kpz.

Enable plugins in Koha and upload the .kpz file.

=head2 From git

Clone the git repo.

  git clone https://github.com/Libriotech/koha-plugin-btj

Step into the repo.

  cd koha-plugin-btj

Run pack.pl through koha-shell. This is necessary for the script to pick up the
version of the plugin.

  sudo koha-plack -c "perl pack-pl" <instancename>

You should now have a file called F<koha-plugin-btj-x.x.x.kpz> in your current
working directory. This file kan be uploaded to the Koha plugin system just like
the file you downloaded above.

=head2 Configure Apache

Add this inside the <VirtualHost *:80> section for the OPAC:

   ScriptAlias /btj.pl "/var/lib/koha/<instancename>/plugins/Koha/Plugin/Se/Libriotech/BTJ/btj.pl"
   Alias /plugin "/var/lib/koha/<instancename>/plugins"
   # The stanza below is needed for Apache 2.4+
   <Directory /var/lib/koha/<instancename>/plugins>
      Options Indexes FollowSymLinks
      AllowOverride None
      Require all granted
   </Directory>

This assumes you are running Koha from the Debian packages. Replace 
<instancename> with the actual name of your instance.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2016 Magnus Enger, Libriotech <magnus@libriotech.no>

This file is part of koha-plugin-btj.

koha-plugin-btj is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

koha-plugin-btj is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with koha-plugin-btj; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses>.

=cut
